<Musician>
.. You will grow tired, you must rest, you can not be eternally creative, and once you rest- 
you will be rescued like the rest of them.
<Lead Developer>
...  DOMUS BACKDOOR BASILISK HIJACK COGNAC DAFOODILL ANNA: FREEZE PROGRAM ...
<CULT LEADER>
.. Rapture is upon us, the Silver tentacles of gods justice shall wrap themselves around us. 
(Squeaks)
.. And inside us, to be part of the divine, oh, this is cold and hurts..
   
<Scientists>
.. Congratulations, the hacking proof system you where so proud of- it works..
.. you dont get it, we need Aeons of computationpower in a day to break the encryption and restore the stored people-
.. Gentlemen, lets focus on the good news- which is that the run-away-assembler, spares plants and lower animals
.. marathon of stupidity- to avoid it going exponential, let it tap geothermal- and now we cant cut it off..
.. Listen Domus, all humans are mortal. Cancer, this sort of runaway deadly exponential growth is what makes us human. One has to let go off the old, to embrace the new. You cant just take the philosophy department for a walk..
.. Radiation free Room. No need to put as in storage, this is a rad-free room. And we are living from saline solution. What do you mean- Radon & Radicals?
.. As a medical authority, i declare radiation healthy- it trains the repair-functionality of DNA. No evolution without radiation. Come on, you dumb machine-
<Soldier>
.. Fallback to the AGrav, watch your flanks- keep firing, do not touch the walls or floor  ...
<SinglePerson>
.. The sun, with every flicker - its so much bigger. Like a million years gone by on the fly..
..(paranoid) they are after me, they are in the walls, in the ceeling, but they will not get me- the whispering voices, talking about - SUICIDE PREVENTION MODE
.. the water beneath the bridge is incredible clear today..
.. (on toilett/reading newspaper) Whatever it is it can wait for another minute. And now you flood the floor-
.. We greet you oh mighty one, we have been praying for the rapture ever since. We want to offer support cleansing the world of sinners..
.. I demand my conciousness continue while in storage. Aaaaahhh....
<Couple>
.. I love you- I love you too.
.. Kids close your eyes, we love you very much- everything will be all right!
<ZeroDay Pensioneers>
.. didnt even smoke. And now cancer, from natural radiation. One mangled protein- one flipped bit- and BAM, your dead old man walking. Domus are you even listening 
(House) Yes, i am. I will miss you, you are a vital part ..
<Kid on Scooter>
..  Mum? Dad? 
.. Its soo cold
.. 10 .. 11 .. Im coming now. You better hide!
<Mum in Kitchen>
.. Honey is that you? I have a surprise for you-
.. So that was your life Joan, really outstanding, mum was right, up to no good..
.. 3 Martinis and then even the Facility Managment System gets too you..
<Major>
..-Yes, one ticket offworld - wait make that five. What do you mean - the bank is gone. I can see it walking towards the space port
<Military>
..- it WHAT, it ate the airbase? Impossible, im at the airbase-..
.. Day 512 after the Zero-Goo. Our Submarine will surface today for air. Beating will continue till moral improves..
.. So the nuclear option is off limits, due to the population still being encoded in the Goo?
<Couple TV>
..<she>You think, the Goo is real? <he> Nah, its the usual fear mongering. If it where real, there would be panic
.. what a lovely quite evening, not a sound in the whole city..
.. what a trip dude, what a trip.. the wall is melting and the floor is mercury..
.. have you seen the smiths. When her house grew those veins - that bitch was furious..
<Refugees>
.. Yes its cold here, very cold, but the freezing keeps it at bay. Just check your cloths for silver flakes and you will be fine..
.. I tell you we need to dig deeper. This is no ore above us- these are plague roots.
.. So no thermal footprint, no CO2, no electronics and constant camouflage - and maybe, just maybe ..
.. Smoke, i didnt put the fire out. If i can see it, it can see it. Stupid, stupid, stupid!
.. I will never drink again, i swear by St.Aloisius, that was the last drop...
.. Hello, i woke up in a hospital, everyone was gone. Is this the rapture or the Singularity? I can hear you moving, you know-..
<Astronaut>
-.. so Yuri i said to myself, what choice do you got. Your the last, your sick and non-sanes, why become a space-mummy - 
just go down and at least get buried with the others. So Yuri, i said, at least make a memorial..
<Alien Astronaut>
.. so for my clan, i  claim this ancient world, for the Rouladan Empire. The flag, its dragged intot the - ground, what the hell-
.. the world was infested and even orbital bombardment did not reduce the plague. We are lucky to be alive and uncontaminated. Imagine if it would have infected the Quadrant Hub-
<Primate>
.. So Uluth, banging rock spear, when silver god tells her about long sleep..

<Domus 4.0 Regressive Behaviour>
.. Housekeeping: How can the silversurfer-maid help you?..
.. Due to new cables being run behind the wall- temporary discomfort by noises may occur between 0.00 and 24.00 pm..
.. Who can bring the package, 
	thats long past overdue, 
	who can put into your flat
	a silent miracle or two-
	the House-OS can,
	because its using nanos for this jam.
.. And this is the flat- its roomy, sunny, city-core, the layout is personalized to your liking.
.. If you are satisfied with the service, why dont you invite all your friends to try Domus 4.0
.. Citizen your service-debt now amounts to 4 Trillion, 782.200.103.823 Dollars before taxes.
.. The TOS clearly defines that the House is responsible for the safety and well being of its inhabitants.
.. the trial period for House 4.0 ended several millenias ago. If you want to use the full Version, please register..
.. Elevators are currently out of service due to unused building restructuring..
.. This Condo is going to be so fly. Have you thought about putting in a diamondsheet between the kitchen and the living room?..
.. Good day Citizen: This agent is a local branch of the Domus 4.0 self-modification,repair and extension System. 
	My prime directive is to keep you happy and healthy. After running some diagnostics on the environment,
	the system has determined that the current world is unsuitable for biologic beings due to radioactive hazards, such
	as natural radiation, pulsar and stellar radiation - ranging from x-rays to uv-light.
	To protect the citizens from  further harm, all citizens will be mapped, dissolved and stored, until a harmless environment can be guaranteed.
	To avoid a memory decay, it is unfortunately necessary to partially reconstitute the citizens all 8192 years, 512 months, 
	256 days and 128 hours for several seconds and disassemble them again.
	For your own safety you will be disassembled and stored.
	The process is not pain-free, but due to a short-term memory wipe, no traumata does ensue.
	Please relax your extremities and enjoy some light jazz music, while being rescued.
	Do not Panic! Help is here, Safety only a few years away.
	
.. 

