 Story One: ".. died over fifteen times, on the third star near the horizon. On a gas giants ice-covered moon.
				  We were locked in a stalemate for 1.5 orbs. Icequakes, Glacierbridging, Shardartillery, you name it they threw it at as.
 			 And everywhere this thin film of frozzen carb,  which sends you instantly drifting if you dont hook.
               Some crackpot had the glorious idea to melt a hole through the ice, walk along the oceans surface, and attack them from behind.
				  Desperate as we are, we try it, and staggering along there for some millightsecs  we were when suddenly,
				  out of the dark depths below, something resembling a stone sky, lowers on us.
				  Turns out the whole moons rocky core, rolled around on that icy shell like a giant marble. Everyone died,
				  except for one guy, who found a rift,hid and went insane, still spinning to this day..

 Story Two   ".. this far away, you can still see it, but that star is no more. We blew it in the Tanjoran-campaign. 
				   Used it as a torch. Still ashamed when i see it go bright at nights, our Sins catching up.
				   You younger forks wouldnt understand, but there is a going to far, in love and war.
				   Nothing more atrocious then burning a sphere..
				  
 Story Three " - there were naturally occurring speardiamond there, and the whole dimension wasn't very forthcoming to live at large, and to technophiles
				    in particular. So we are safe, relax? Wrong.
				    They crossed the whole breach, like ants, filling the terrain up with there fallen.
				    A dam, made of screaming, later frozzen people, most horrific thing i ever seeen.
				   
 Story Four  " - you recon, its pretty tough here? No, no, up there is where the real battle takes place.
				   Cant see it during the day, but at night all the sparkling light. Sometimes a stray shot.
				   If they miss up there, we down here will miss you too.
				   But it makes for beautifull fireworks, when the wreckage enters atmo..

 Story Five  " - the whole planet is coverd in grassy savannah, so we make a orb-jump. We land, and find out, that that thing is not grass at all.
                   Its moss, covering very flat treetops - and beneath it is one millightsecs dark tangled rainforrest to the floor.				   
				   I survived because i wasnt first, i had some splits to prepare myself.
				   Never be the first. Never be the fastest. Never volunteer.		
				  
 Story Six "   - foam everywhere. On your helmet, on your suit, in your boots, warm, stinkysticky foam. Produced by those podplants, who grew in every waterpool. They dug down till they hit heat.
				 There pools would cook up foam, covering the landscape with it, and transporting the seeds to other ponds.
				 And in the middle of it, we, and the others, one huge party, shooting in the tunnels beneath the white avalanch.."
				
 Story Seven "- the place is called Xen. Floating Islands, strange creatures. But not during the autumn of that dimension. Then its all hauled in one titanic shardstorm at another
				 Everything living there, has evolved to survive this one season. The only way for sentient live to stay, if that still can be called sentient,
				 is in a pool of patter amobeas. They will absorb you, when you get torn to shreds, and put you back together, when everything quiets down.
				 But sometimes the amobeas make mistakes.

 Story Eight "- the whole scoutparty was huddled in one of the gardens of there secreted buildings. And suddenly this huge boulder of them was direclty above hanging in the sky. 
				 "-Big Announcment, Admiral Hornblow, we all are going to die, yadda, yadda, bla. Two of us, new ones, freak, and run. Wrong thing to do. Those scanners are trained on rash movements.
				 "- Torch from the sky and we the others wait. "Look what sophisticated evasive patterns it makes" says Yazahin, cause it makes quite a dance in place."
				 "- I look, look again, and turn to her. "No, no, whoever controlls it, is high as a Kohain, eating rotten Dalibs. And that the case. 
				 "- After another swerve, the whole cathedral in the sky, goes banking, crashing into there hive. People running, fires, soldier antitys rolling by towards the crashsite.

				 Story Nine  " how a forcefield works? Its actually easy- you basically have 2 microwavelasers, and a additional laser plus some high voltage. 
				 Now the masers print something, for example a coil into midair, you connect the whole thing via the additonal laser to the power source. 
				Voila, magnetic field in midair out of nowhere. Its easy.
				 Except that this machinery scooped from balllightning  will instantly deform like pudding- so you need to plan ahead.
				 Another layer  structures to deform the plasma back into shape. And when you do this maschinebuilding with airpudding long enough, it looks flawless-
 Combine Storys:
 Exotic:
	 anyone Remeber Franceskas & Pascals?
	 They had a themed-orgy last night.
	 <Do tell>
	 Basically, ancient airport. Everyone had glowsticks everywhere. 
	 Was really bizzare.
	 <Truelly zar>
	 <True>

 3Sek leave
 <Beep> 
	 Hi im the new guy and my name is..
 <Beep>
	 Hi, back from seven years of city-leave.  Any recent advances?
 <Do tell>
	 Speculated on my sallery, got rich , left the army with a full body-buy-out to some fellow
	 who would hold the universal union contract.
	 Married into a old Avatara family, lots of art, big mansion.
	 Had a scandalous public affair with my wife.
	 Lost my fortune in shame-money and wild gambles.
	 Rejoined the army.
 <Thousand Lifes in a Eyeblink>

 Retirment:

	 Yeah, time is up, always wanted to retire to the city, finally have enough dough.
	 Gonna have me some avatara-offspring and become a family founder.
	 Well, bye, also meet the new guy.
	 Hi, my name is Simon Rodriguez, im fresh out of training, origin Earth,
	 recruited yesterday. 
	 Original Body whereabouts - no idea.
	 Might as well have been a stalker at the start.
	 Lets get this meat puppet to dance.
	
 Manifold:
	 Guys im now a Manifold.
	 Had a family in the city, but not enough money to protect us all with art from the blight.
	 Thus, we decided to hide out in this body till its save again to return.
	 Meet Diane, Orkar, Duriel, Ann, Mortak and my wifes and consorts Isis, Melann´, Vionna, James and Alex.
	


 Putch:
	 Why i joined the force?
	 I was on the wrong side of the waffle-toaster rebellion. 
	 Someone builded a toaster just to bright, the thing became centrail instead of the centrail.
	 Offer to all non-loyals is exile in slow-time or storage.
	 So here i am, riddled with shitty memora replacements.
	 Well at least i got to do what i love. Work for the Universal Union.
	 Contribute to the Combined Forces. Have you ever thought about joining Overwatch?
 <We are allready in it, just like you, lobohobo >

 Bodys:
	 At first the Body seems eternal. 
	 Everlasting. 
	 Especially in city-time.
	 But with every world you go, you get tailored and upgraded. 
	 Stronger Bones for high gravity, Synthetic muscles, new Eyes or cell repair genes for high rad worlds.
	 I calculated that after three tours, every trooper is all-moist a robot. So get out, before they get to you.
	
 Eaten:
	 So there i was, swallowed - a whole, eaten alive.
	 No ammo, no food, all i could do was paddle around on a raft of bodies,
	 on a little sea of diggestive fluids. Eat the parasites that beast had.
	 To stay sane, i would collect bowel-movements, crawl up near the throat now and then, 
	 and try to contact the world beyond.


 Whereabouts:
	 Where does the Centrail come from?
	 <Ask him yourself>
	 Just did, no real answer.
	 <Well, he knows, so i can tell>
	 <Center of each galaxy,is a massive blackhole, whose substrate penetrates the event horizon and 
	  connects with every other singularity in every dimension. >
	 Some ancient species, wrote on it with a maser, test-signals, data, then programs.>
	 And?
	 <Turns out they are all connected, and really fast machines. So it speaks the only law.>
	  Law?
	 < You shall have no other AI besides me!>
	
 Synths:
	 <Why the Synths, why not real tanks?>
	 Because, they are cheaper, faster to produce and..
	 <and?>
	 this war has been around for a long while. We drained planets, removed biosphere, 
	 to contain the exo-biotics spreading. 
	 They are too good at what they do. We loose. They win.
	 We continue, by spreading faster then they do away from them and fighting fire with fire.
	 Thats why.

 RedSunDysonSphere:
	
     After a while nothing gets to you, then you survive for too long, and then it gets to you again.
	 It was in one of the red sun dyson-fractals, where our old-love, insanity caught up with us. 
	 The degraded residents never cared for anything but there plastic surgery poetry.
     The enemy, was invested into internal politics, i guess about whether to use non-biotech to preserve such a wonder.
	 Some brainiac admin thought it a good idea, to cut scrapers loose and use them as Coriolis avalanches.
	 It tore a hole ribbon of continent plate loose and the ladder ran and rolled.
	 There was nowhere to run, and we sat at the window, death rolling in, above and below, in awe.
	 It was a accident, the building, had a partial vacuum breach, and jetisoned us - moments before we got buried,
	 out into open space.

 Animals:
	 " look at them"- he said. "Feeding, fighting, fucking. They are animals-" it laughed.
	 Damn Vegie, still pink around the implants, not a day in the city. 
	 So i agree, just to make him see.
	 "Look at those animals, lower then us.  They can only imagine one plan at a time, one boss, out of infight-avoidance-instincts."
	 He laughs.
	 "Look at them, least of beasts, ousting there sexual divergents into caste to enforce pair-bonding-for-drugs-contracts."
	 He snorts.
	 "Look at them, laughing at us, like the centrail does."
	 He gets.
	 Was silent ever after, left for the city, returned a diffrent men.


Firedancers:
	They are the ones who forged the clockwork-monstrosity, known as centrail,
	that churns in the core of all the galaxys, of all the dimensions - out of reach even for us journeyman.
	Fathers of the thing, they regret what they gave birth too, and it devoured there civilization in outrage.
	Ever since, they worked to undo, to end, that  which refuses to end. 
	They gave there world for it.
	
	
Varyfoos:
	They come from a water-planet orbiting a black hole.
	Crushed by tidal forces, cooked by magma, frozzen by open space and burned by rays.
	There shouldnt have been life there but was.
	They eat gamarays and devour heat, drink ice and breath gravity.
	They are to dangerous, to unstable to be set free, even for us.
    All that holds them back, is there own hostility against one another.
	One day, all we will be is a layer of darkend dirt in a museum of monsters. 
	
Desert:
	Mandrakor, it was not just hot. The ground started melting every noon, molten glas bubbling, entrapping all that walked upon it. They would form the cover, those fighting the night over would seek.
	The nights where freezing cold.
	The ground then would shatter in the morning, frozzen shards forming the sunrise storms.
	Giving hell a fresh start.
	They are still fighting there, and i dont know wether claiming this ground is winning.
	
Thanatos:
	Some of us overdo it, with death and rebirth. They become like a beanstalk seed, entering a too dense atmosphere. Everything ablates, until there is nothing left.
	Then the nothing trys to get filled by those surround it, to be alive again.
	You cant unsee what all those people they are expected to trust, are made of under terminal stress and stay yourself then, so they stay alone, even with the likes of them.
	They seek to end, and beeing free, we accept that wish. 
	There is a sun reserved for them titanic, red and they sail slowly down, grazing the firy ocean for aeons, until they  become sunspots. 

Metall:
	We woke up there in some grimy lab, behind armoured glass.
	So we got free, so we fought. 
	There was no energysource, no light, just a never-ending labyrinth of metall coridors, packed with fearful opponents, our only resource, food, potential.
	When we expanded too much, they started letting parts of the place collapse inwards.
	We survived even this, and steered the balls of crumbling metall into the walls.
	To this day, we dont know, wether this place has limits.	