We dont go to Ravenholm.


Actors:
D Senator Daridov		 	- Exiled from his city-family, hates the slow-lifes and all who dwell in it.
A Senator Alynn     		- Wants to observe your performance, secretly in a org that supports sentient life. Avoids the city by mission hopping.
ComEnder		 		 	- You in a suit
S Overwatch Trooper Sy 		- former Navy Seal in the seven hour war, family taken hostage.
T 							- Targaroth, returned Sy from the city. Original Sy is now a abstract, body sold off in auction to personality collective.
							
							
Objectives:
- Implement a economic ressurection after the 7 hour war. Defeat patridiots.
	- Build 3 Scumslums, ComDepot, MeStorage and a Materialdiggester
	- Secure Streets with Sentrys
	- Patroll with mtw

Defend against Exobiotics Insurgence (Errect a Efence)
	- Advanced Units
	
- Defend against rebell attack
	- Contact rebells

-Headcrabshell Raveholm
	- Smuggle people out

- Administrator course 
	Alynn tips to conceal your mind
	
	
A"Easy, easy. Give the Host-body time to accomodate the mind. There may still be residual side-effects, like
the synthetic delusions of beeing a player in a game of sorts. Take your time."

D "Oh, please Senator Alynn, pity for the altitude-sick on Mt Aspiration? Get on with it. 
Administrator, in the top right corner of the battlefield display, you will find the meters for Security-budget and Material-budget. 
If you memorize them as the ressource you pay your bills with, you will get a treat later."

A "Ever the cruel jerk, Daridov, Senator or not, always were, always will be."
D "I literaly spend forever, stuck in this travesty of a job, teaching slow-lifeforms. Which may aswell know how much i despise them. Im sure we will al be best pals-"
A "Administrator, we two are abstracts, fullcitizens without bodies, assigned to introduce you to the adminstration interfce and duties. Its nice to meet you."
D "Squeeze the chumming up whore button, if you need more redundant information. Anyway, the glorious war is over- it lasted 0.29 percent of the planets rotation. Now lets hand out some shinys for retarded mamal-heroism, and start reorganizing this hellhole-"
A "We want to help-"
D "No, we want to terrorize into obedience, then use a sock-puppet to liberate them from our regime into loyalty. "
A "Lets start it slow, we need to errect some buildings to house the population. Select the citadell and build 3 highrises and a storage unit. All the ressources we dont store, we basically give to the empire."
D "Well, at least the hearthole knows how to have fun with them. Lets give you a short history of life -or as i call it - retardation-physics. It adapts to the circumstances, and if burdend with partial intelligence, drags the circumstances down into the mud with it. Thus results on all worlds - a loop deformation."
A "Ignore this part, he is a bitter old bastard. Lets just complete the goals - notice how our building vehicles are used up in the construction process."
["energy_economy"]
[WaitForObjectiveAccomplished]

D "The loop deformation produces specialized adaption to the cycle of overpopulation, war, reconstitution, good-times. And its god-given, the law of guts, to stray from it, is heresy and any ruler to do so, is not in power for long. Thus all the chieftains, are just allowed to act within the bounds of the deformation. Good is to overproduce ressources against exponential growing consumption, evil is to prevent the loading of the civil-war-lottery with all the tickets they could print. We are evil, we are combine- and proud of it."
A "Justification, its necessary if you do monstrous things. Remember the bridge over the ridge of Kol'Thor 4, Daridov?"
D "Lets build a Condepot, so we can replenish our Constructor Units. As shrine to holy Alynn!"
["condepot_construction"]
[WaitForObjectiveAccomplished]

A "You dstroyed theire whole culture!"
D "Theire culture consisted of a ritual civil war, since the dawn of time. We build a damn from bodies to theire temple and torched the whole affair. They now have peace, the quiet life. Im sure, theire children weap at night, because we took the chance to rot alive in some forsaken pit for the culture it brings."
A "Notice, how the housed citizens allow us to recive security budget from the Universal Union." 
D "Creative accounting from the comons, always a good way to stamp out meritocracy. We need to secure the streets- build sentrys and a watchtower"
["first_defense"]
[WaitForObjectiveAccomplished]

A "You may have noticed your funds fluctuating slightly- this is due to the dark-matter-reactor in the citadel, creating and consuming resources at a weak rate in regular intervals."
D "Also note that the construction Units sacrificed themselves, for the glorious Centrail Confederacy, ehm Universal Union. One can loose track, on all those brave new worlds-"

D "We need more heavy to create elements, everything up from carbon. Create three metalldiggester, and send them to mine up in the north of the city. And some guards - just do it."
A "Define Hyprocasy, deriding cultures while scanning there artifacts for a profit in the city. Or would be harvesting ressources for a black hole be closer to the truth?"
D "Multiple viewpoints that contradict, might sound insane, but they allow you to see them coming."
["metalldigester"]
[WaitForObjectiveAccomplished]

TODO _REWRITE CONTINUs



A"<We need a construction depot>, to serve as hub and support for further effort. Please use shift to queue that build order in with your citadel."
[ObjectiveAccomplished]

D"Anything we do not use, is usually given back to the empire, never to be seen again. <We could use a Storage building>."
[ObjectiveAccomplished]

A"We could use a break right now!"
D"Not going to happen, we need to secure this whole affair. I recommend building sentrys and a farcaster. That way we can teleport troops in should need.."
A"We wont need that."
D"Yeah, 314 world is the charm.
[ObjectiveAccomplished]

D"So we secured our position and just in time. Some outland scouts of Overwatch just reported Exobiotic activity. Antlions."
A"Wherever we go, they are already there. We need guards, sentrys and restrictors in thumper mode."
D"Shaken by the waves, we will yet persist."
[ObjectiveAccomplished]
A"Administrator- i took the liberty to arrange for a undisturbed split second. Blink suprised and we shall both be cauterized. 
Very soon patrols will be suggested- please use hunterchoppers and not gunships."

D"We should errect a E-Fence and charge it with Wallbuilders. We can keep the close-combat bugs in check for a while. "
A"If we bundle them with restrictors, scarying them off.."
[ObjectiveAccomplished]

D"I would recommend a gunship patroll into the wastelands. Identify all the hives and find out whats driving the anltions out."
A"This sounds like overkill, but very well."
[ObjectiveAccomplished]

D "It seems that a local resistance group is using devices to drive the Antlions into a mating-stampede."
A "We certainly need to give them a lesson. Engagments with the combine, are a one-time affair."
[ObjectiveAccomplished]
D "It seems the vehicles originate from a Research-Outpost. Destroy the Research-Outpost."
A "Isnt that a little harsh. We do not know wether all involved are participating in the attack."
D "Sheltering is enough for me. If your innocent, your flatmate better be too."
[ObjectiveAccomplished]

D "The enemy is in full retreat - to a nearby town called Ravenholm. They are heavily armed and well organized."
A "We should let them run- investigations revealed, they only tryied to harvest antlion honey."

D"Administrator, a word over the side-channel. Alynn, usually goes soft. She likes the Slow-life so much, she hops from mission to mission, to avoid
visiting the city and getting some perspective. Its pathetic, but usefull. So, between us grown-ups, i have a insider, who will rile up the anti-citizens
to make a last stand. I want you to prepare his reward- that is, ship his family to the citadell, so they can be transfered to the city."

D "Only, endangered citizens and Centrail Personal in the effort, i recommend taking artillery and crabshell that town."

A "Sidemission: Send alk to the towns priest, a men named Grigori"

A "Help open a way to escape with restrictors"
D "Shell them and prepare defenses for a stream of zombies."



A "The Refugees will be wearing hc-helmets. Batterys, Codensators and a bucket."




