Combine Storys:
Exotic:
	anyone Remeber Franceskas & Pascals?
	They had a themed-orgy last night.
	<Do tell>
	Basically, ancient airport. Everyone had glowsticks everywhere. 
	Was really bizzare.
	<Truelly zar>
	<True>

3Sek leave
<Beep> 
	Hi im the new guy and my name is..
<Beep>
	Hi, back from seven years of city-leave.  Any recent advances?
<Do tell>
	Speculated on my sallery, got rich , left the army with a full body-buy-out to some fellow
	who would hold the universal union contract.
	Married into a old Avatara family, lots of art, big mansion.
	Had a scandalous public affair with my wife.
	Lost my fortune in shame-money and wild gambles.
	Rejoined the army.
<Thousand Lifes in a Eyeblink>

Retirment:

	Yeah, time is up, always wanted to retire to the city, finally have enough dough.
	Gonna have me some avatara-offspring and become a family founder.
	Well, bye, also meet the new guy.
	Hi, my name is Simon Rodriguez, im fresh out of training, origin Earth,
	recruited yesterday. 
	Original Body whereabouts - no idea.
	Might as well have been a stalker at the start.
	Lets get this meat puppet to dance.
	
Manifold:
	Guys im now a Manifold.
	Had a family in the city, but not enough money to protect us all with art from the blight.
	Thus, we decided to hide out in this body till its save again to return.
	Meet Diane, Orkar, Duriel, Ann, Mortak and my wifes and consorts Isis, Melann´, Vionna, James and Alex.


Putch:
	Why i joined the force?
	I was on the wrong side of the waffle-toaster rebellion. 
	Someone builded a toaster just to bright, the thing became centrail instead of the centrail.
	Offer to all non-loyals is exile in slow-time or storage.
	So here i am, riddled with shitty memora replacements.
	Well at least i got to do what i love. Work for the Universal Union.
	Contribute to the Combined Forces. Have you ever thought about joining Overwatch?
<We are allready in it, just like you, lobohobo >

Bodys:
	At first the Body seems eternal. 
	Everlasting. 
	Especially in city-time.
	But with every world you go, you get tailored and upgraded. 
	Stronger Bones for high gravity, Synthetic muscles, new Eyes or cell repair genes for high rad worlds.
	I calculated that after three tours, every trooper is all-moist a robot. So get out, before they get to you.
	
Eaten:
	So there i was, swallowed - a whole, eaten alive.
	No ammo, no food, all i could do was paddle around on a raft of bodies,
	on a little sea of diggestive fluids. Eat the parasites that beast had.
	To stay sane, i would collect bowel-movements, crawl up near the throat now and then, 
	and try to contact the world beyond.


Whereabouts:
	Where does the Centrail come from?
	<Ask him yourself>
	Just did, no real answer.
	<Well, he knows, so i can tell>
	<Center of each galaxy,is a massive blackhole, whose substrate penetrates the event horizon and 
	 connects with every other singularity in every dimension. >
	Some ancient species, wrote on it with a maser, test-signals, data, then programs.>
	And?
	<Turns out they are all connected, and really fast machines. So it speaks the only law.>
	 Law?
	< You shall have no other AI besides me!>
	
Synths:
	<Why the Synths, why not real tanks?>
	Because, they are cheaper, faster to produce and..
	<and?>
	this war has been around for a long while. We drained planets, removed biosphere, 
	to contain the exo-biotics spreading. 
	They are too good at what they do. We loose. They win.
	We continue, by spreading faster then they do away from them and fighting fire with fire.
	Thats why.

RedSunDysonSphere:
	
    After a while nothing gets to you, then you survive for too long, and then it gets to you again.
	It was in one of the red sun dyson-fractals, where our old-love, insanity caught up with us. 
	The degraded residents never cared for anything but there plastic surgery poetry.
    The enemy, was invested into internal politics, i guess about whether to use non-biotech to preserve such a wonder.
	Some brainiac admin thought it a good idea, to cut scrapers loose and use them as Coriolis avalanches.
	It tore a hole ribbon of continent plate loose and the ladder ran and rolled.
	There was nowhere to run, and we sat at the window, death rolling in, above and below, in awe.
	It was a accident, the building, had a partial vacuum breach, and jetisoned us - moments before we got buried,
	out into open space.

Animals:
" look at them"- he said. "Feeding, fighting, fucking. They are animals-" he laughed.
Damn Rookie, still pink around the implants, not a day in the city. So i agree to make him see.
"Look at them, they are animals, lower then us.  They can only imagine one plan, one boss at a time,out of instincts fear of civil strife. 
"Look at them, least of beasts, ousting there sexual divergents into caste to enforce pair-bonding for drugs-contracts."
"Look at them, laughing at us, like the centrail does."
Not one word for the rest of the orb, went to the city and returned a different man.

	

