
Firedancers:
	They are the ones who forged the clockwork-monstrosity, known as centrail,
	that churns in the core of all the galaxys, of all the dimensions - out of reach even for us journeyman.
	Fathers of the thing, they regret what they gave birth too, and it devoured there civilization in outrage.
	Ever since, they worked to undo, to end, that  which refuses to end. 
	They gave there world for it.
	
	
Varyfoos:
	They come from a water-planet orbiting a black hole.
	Crushed by tidal forces, cooked by magma, frozzen by open space and burned by rays.
	There shouldnt have been life there but was.
	They eat gamarays and devour heat, drink ice and breath gravity.
	They are to dangerous, to unstable to be set free, even for us.
    All that holds them back, is there own hostility against one another.
	One day, all we will be is a layer of darkend dirt in a museum of monsters. 
	
Desert:
	Mandrakor, it was not just hot. The ground started melting every noon, molten glas bubbling, entrapping all that walked upon it. They would form the cover, those fighting the night over would seek.
	The nights where freezing cold.
	The ground then would shatter in the morning, frozzen shards forming the sunrise storms.
	Giving hell a fresh start.
	They are still fighting there, and i dont know wether claiming this ground is winning.
	
Thanatos:
	Some of us overdo it, with death and rebirth. They become like a beanstalk seed, entering a too dense atmosphere. Everything ablates, until there is nothing left.
	Then the nothing trys to get filled by those surround it, to be alive again.
	You cant unsee what all those people they are expected to trust, are made of under terminal stress and stay yourself then, so they stay alone, even with the likes of them.
	They seek to end, and beeing free, we accept that wish. 
	There is a sun reserved for them titanic, red and they sail slowly down, grazing the firy ocean, until they are spots in the eyes. 

Metall:
	We woke up there in some grimy lab, behind armoured glass.
	So we got free, so we fought. 
	There was no energysource, no light, just a neverending labyrinth of metall coridors, packed with fearfull opponents, our only resource, food, potential.
	When we expanded too much, they started letting parts of the place collapse inwards.
	We survived even this, and steered the balls of crumbling metall into the walls.
	To this day, we dont know, wether this place has limits.