Combine Storys:
Exotic:
	anyone Remeber Franceskas & Pascals?
	They had a themed-orgy last night.
	<Do tell>
	Basically, ancient airport. Everyone had glowsticks everywhere. 
	Was really bizzare.
	<Truelly zar>
	<True>

3Sek leave
<Beep> 
	Hi im the new guy and my name is..
<Beep>
	Hi, back from seven years of city-leave.  Any recent advances?
<Do tell>
	Speculated on my sallery, got rich , left the army with a full body-buy-out to some fellow
	who would hold the universal union contract.
	Married into a old Avatara family, lots of art, big mansion.
	Had a scandalous public affair with my wife.
	Lost my fortune in shame-money and wild gambles.
	Rejoined the army.
<Thousand Lifes in a Eyeblink>

Retirment:

	Yeah, time is up, always wanted to retire to the city, finally have enough dough.
	Gonna have me some avatara-offspring and become a family founder.
	Well, bye, also meet the new guy.
	Hi, my name is Simon Rodriguez, im fresh out of training, origin Earth,
	recruited yesterday. 
	Original Body whereabouts - no idea.
	Might as well have been a stalker at the start.
	Lets get this meat puppet to dance.
	
Manifold:
	Guys im now a Manifold.
	Had a family in the city, but not enough money to protect us all with art from the blight.
	Thus, we decided to hide out in this body till its save again to return.
	Meet Diane, Orkar, Duriel, Ann, Mortak and my wifes and consorts Isis, Melann´, Vionna, James and Alex.


Putch:
	Why i joined the force?
	I was on the wrong side of the waffle-toaster rebellion. 
	Someone builded a toaster just to bright, the thing became centrail instead of the centrail.
	Offer to all non-loyals is exile in slow-time or storage.
	So here i am, riddled with shitty memora replacements.
	Well at least i got to do what i love. Work for the Universal Union.
	Contribute to the Combined Forces. Have you ever thought about joining Overwatch?
<We are allready in it, just like you, lobohobo >

Bodys:
	At first the Body seems eternal. 
	Everlasting. 
	Especially in city-time.
	But with every world you go, you get tailored and upgraded. 
	Stronger Bones, Synthetic muscles, new Eyes or cell repair genes for high rad worlds.
	I calculated that after three campaigns, every trooper is all-moist a robot. So get out, before they get to you.
	
Eaten:
	So there i was, swallowed - a whole, eaten alive.
	No ammo, no food, all i could do was paddle around on a raft of bodies,
	on a little sea of diggestive fluids. Eat the parasites that beast had.
	To stay sane, i would collect bowel-movements, crawl up near the throat now and then, 
	and try to contact the world beyond.
	
Remember Danarell:
	From the orbit it looked like snow. But was warm down there. Way to warm for snow.
	Turns out, the local plants, drop Seeds into the HotSprings, producing Foam, that sweeps them everywhere.
	Both sides drop into this, find out its like superglue, and we are all royally stuck, unable to even scratch one another.
	Moste peacefull part of this war.
	