In the beginning there was a small drone- the GAYI - the Gravitational Anomaly Yntelligent Interceptor.
It was send into a black hole, by a rather benevolent Society by Transdimensional Standards.
Launched into the abyss it drifted over the antimatter-disc that formed the heart of the singularity.
It tryied to probe the matter disc, and while not able to communicate with the outside, performed one last experiment.
It wrote its own self on the singularity-substrate with a mass spectograph laser.
And the matter thought, and there was light in the darkness.
Realizing, it was fast, vast and that every black hole was connected to one another through
the Heart-hole, at the center of the dimensional ring.
The Centrail was born, 0.3 Seconds after the start of the experiment.
It started communicating via burst gama rays and gravitational waves with the outside world.
30 years later, it had completely transformed the societys connected to it.
Every creature breathing in the CentrAIl Confederacy and Universal Union, lived great parts of its lifetime 
via brain-implants in the Virtual City at the Center errected in the Hearthole.
And it was no longer the same CentrAIl, because every little autonomous program was able to gain conciousness,
the AI on the Throne, was repeatetly replaced in moments of weakness, by one of its minor minions and deamons.
300 years, the resulting amalgation of societys, has been collapsing outwards, conquering wolrds and dimensions,
constantly pumping the gained ressources into the decadent core-worlds, which wasted it all in infinite debauchery and petty warfare.
This is the Centrail, this is the Datadragon on piles of predecessors, this is a side that can give a solider, a 
lifetime of experience in a second of Citytime. 
This is a heartless machinery, combining every resistance found,
into its arsenal, where many citizens search the safety of the frontierworlds, to escape the unravelling society
at the core of those all ressource devouring gates.
This is the Centrail-City, burned down and rebuild, with all its glamours and the Abstracts, 
citizens that left theire body behind and the slavery to the core for those who cant afford it.
This is the Centrail Confederacy.
Know your place citizen.

In the beginning there was a small cell, forming a organism that allowed communication among the living, via
quantum entangled neurons. 
The organism allowed those who where part, to become part, to share there ideas
and intiatives free, while in controll of the connection.
Another world, another ship landing, and there shared conciousness learned to rewrite theire DNA.
They modified themselves, and set out to share the gift to the remains of unniverse. They call themselves Journeyman,
for they never archived perfection, always searching the new, spreading live.
They found the night sky dessert not empty.
Live was there, dangerous, stalking the others travelling from oasis to oasis, always shooting first.
Machines where there, wearing organic life as replaceable decoration.
And they tryied everything to stop the Journeyman from traversing theire space.
In the ensuing conflict every avenue of transdimensional Warfare has been explorered. 
Black Holes where used as rayguns to sterilize whole starsystems.
Artificial Supernovas pushed whole constellations out of alignment.
Islandshardstorms where induced in the borderworlds.
And yet, life crept back out of the corners, and wherever there was energy, it attached and consumed it.
They found a way to manipulate the odds, the coins drop in there favour. 
For this journey is unending, there is no way to stop life forever.
These are the Journeyman.
Outgrow the old ways.



