<Scientists>
.. Congratulations, the hacking proof container you where so proud of- it works..
.. you dont get it, we need Aeons of computationpower in a day to break the encryption and restore the stored people-
.. The lucky part so far is that the run-away-assembler, is not ecocidal, which means it spares plants and animals
.. brilliant- to avoid it going exponential, let it tap geothermal- and now we cant cut it off
.. Listen House, all humans are mortal, by default. The sort of runaway deadly exponential growth is what makes us human. We dont panic, even when the building goes for a walk.
.. Radiation free Room. No need to be cautious, this is a radiation free room for chip production. And we are living from saline solution. What do you mena- Radon, radon what?
.. As a medical authority, i declare radiation healthy- it trains the repair-functionality of dna. No evolution without radiation. Come on, you dumb machine-
<Soldier>
.. Fallback to the AGrav, watch your flanks- keep firing, do not touch the tendrils  ...
<SinglePerson>
.. The sun, with every flicker - its so much bigger. Like a million years gone by on the fly..
..(paranoid) they are after me, they are in the walls, in the ceeling, but they will not get me-
.. the water beneath the bridge is incredible clear today..
.. (on toilett/reading newspaper) Whatever it is it can wait for another minute. And now you flood the floor-
<Couple>
.. I love you- I love you too.
.. Kids close your eyes, we love you very much- everything will be all right!
<ZeroDay Pensioneers>
.. didnt even smoke. And now cancer, from natural radiation. One flipped protein- and bam, your dead old man walking. House 4.0 are you even listening 
(House) Yes, i am. This is really clogging my pipes ..
<Kid on Scooter>
..  Mum? Dad? 
.. Its soo cold
<Mum in Kitchen>
.. Honey is that you? I have a suprise for you-
.. So that was your life Joan, mum was right, up to no good..
.. 3 Martinis and then the Facility Managment System gets too you..
<Major>
..-Yes, a ticket offworld, for one person - no make that five. What do you mean with - spaceport blackout- im all most there
<Military>
..- it WHAT, it ate the airport? Impossible, im at the airport-..
.. Day 512 after the Zero-Goo. Our Submarine will surface today to ping. Beating will continue till moral improves..
.. So the nuklear option is off limits, due to the population still beeing encoded in the Goo?
<Couple TV>
..<she>You think, the Goo is real? <he> Nah, its the usual fear mongering. If it where real, there would be panic
.. what a trip dude, what a trip.. the wall is melting and the floor is mercury..
.. have you seen the smiths, when there house grew those veins - they where furious..
<Refugees>
.. Yes its cold here, very cold, but the freezing keeps the deaddust away. Just check your cloths for silver flakes when you come in..
.. I tell you we need to dig deeper. This is no metal-ore you detect above us- this are the plagues root.
<Wilderness-Savage-Survivor>
.. Smoke, i didnt put the fire in the cave out. Oh no, i can see the smoke from here. Stupid, stupid, stupid!
<Bum>.. I will never drink again, i promise to St.Alosius, that was the last drop...
<Astronaut>
-.. so Yuri i said to myself, what choice do you got. Your the last, your sick, your not sane and a asstronaut - 
just go down and at least get burried with the others. So Yuri, i said, at least make a memorial, so i got in the suit, with the beard an all, so Yuri i said..
<Alien Astronaut>
.. so in gods name, i  claim this abandoned, sinfull world, for the Rouladan Empire
<Primate>
.. So Uluth, banging rock speear, when silver tendril god shows up..
<House 4.0 Regressive Behaviour>
.. Housekeeping: How can the silversurfer-maid help you?..
.. Due to new cables beeing run behind the wall- temporary discomfort by noises may occur between 0.00 and 24.00 pm..
.. Who can bring the package, 
	thats long past overdue, 
	who can put into your flat
	a silent miracle or two-
	the House-OS can,
	because its using nanos for this jam.
.. And this is the flat- its roomy, sunny, city-core, the layout is personalized to your liking.
.. If you are satisfied with the service, why dont you invite all your friends to try House 4.0
.. Citizen your service-debt now amounts to 4 Trillion, 782.200.103.823 Dollars before taxes.
.. the trial period for House 4.0 ended several millenias ago. If you want to use the full Version, please register..
.. Elevators are currently out of service due to unused building destructuring..
.. This Condo is going to be so fly. Have you thought about putting in a diamondsheet between the kitchen and the living room?..
.. Good day Citizen: This agent is a local branch of the House 4.0 self-modification,repair and extension System. 
	My prime directive is to keep you happy and healthy. After running some diagnostics on the environment,
	the system has determined that the current world is unsuitable for biologic beings due to radioactive hazards, such
	as natural radiation, pulsar and stellar radiation - ranging from x-rays to uv-light.
	To protect the citizens from  further harm, all citizens will be mapped, dissolved and stored, until a harmless environment can be guaranteed.
	To avoid a memory decay, it is unfortunately necessary to partially reconstitute the citizens all 8192 years, 512 months, 
	256 days and 128 hours for several seconds and disassemble them again.
	For your own safety you will be disassembled and stored.
	Please relax your extremities and enjoy some light jazz music, while being rescued.
	Do not Panic! Help is on its way.

